tcam: rename thermal-cam-util -> orb-thermal-cam-ctrl (#30)
worldcoin/orb-software: orb-thermal-cam-ctrl/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.0.5

> - Moved into the public repo (orb-software), and renamed to `orb-tcam-ctrl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moved into the public repo (orb-software), and renamed to `orb-thermal-cam-ctrl`.
```
